{"data": ["I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive. Yoko Ono", "Why should conservationists have a positive interest in... farming? There are lots of reasons, but the plainest is: Conservationists eat. Wendell Berry", "I like video games, I like tech, I like being positive. Jimmy Fallon", "I like to encourage people to realize that any action is a good action if it's proactive and there is positive intent behind it. Michael J. Fox", "The positive news is that the British economy is continuing to grow and is creating jobs. And it is positive news too that at a time of real international instability we are a safe haven in the storm. George Osborne", "I had many teachers that were great, positive role models and taught me to be a good person and stand up and be a good man. A lot of the principals they taught me still affect how I act sometimes and it's 30 years later. Kevin James", "I just want to put some positive stuff out there. If it works, great. If it doesn't, no problem. Kevin James", "Well, you know, a lot of people look at the negative things, the things that they did wrong and - which I do. But I like to stress on the things I did right, because there are certain things that I like to look at from a positive standpoint that are just positive reinforcement. Tiger Woods", "But you see, our society is still trapped in this binary, black/white logic and that has had some very positive implications for our generation. It's had some very negative ones as well and one of the negative ones is that it creates enormous identity problems for people who have one black ancestor and all white ancestors for example. Henry Louis Gates", "People don't really understand, but having people stare, and point, and take pictures, even if it is in a positive framework, is quite isolating; there's no two ways about it. You feel a little bit, you know, freakish. Emma Watson"]}