{"data": ["I have great friends around me that are positive and I think that's the key to life is making your own path. Set your own rules because there is no set rule, there is no set look, there is no set anything. You make your own rules in your life. You make your own decisions. Amber Riley", "I've always kind of lived my life to be as much as possible a positive role model for children. Corey Feldman", "It's your outlook on life that counts. If you take yourself lightly and don't take yourself too seriously, pretty soon you can find the humor in our everyday lives. And sometimes it can be a lifesaver. Betty White", "I'm a big cockeyed optimist. I try to accentuate the positive as opposed to the negative. Betty White", "You might think the thinner version of yourself is going to be the most positive or confident, but that's not how it is for me. When I'm over 200 pounds, that's when I'm the most confident version of myself. Garrett Hedlund", "I have my team. Like if you see everyone around me - I have my hair and makeup girl, my assistant. They're very calm, they're all about positive energy. There're no drama queens. Everyone wants everyone else to have a positive experience. There are no agendas. I think it creates a healthy environment and there are no boundaries to cross. Fergie", "Resist your fear; fear will never lead to you a positive end. Go for your faith and what you believe. T. D. Jakes", "When I've had hard times in my life, the one thing about being in TV is that it's positive. I withdrew to 'Cheers,' it was familiar in that it was family. It had a kind of realistic positiveness to it. Bruno Heller", "And what we've lost sight of is that performing manual labor with your hands is one of the most incredibly satisfying and positive things you can do. Nick Offerman", "In my books and in romance as a genre, there is a positive, uplifting feeling that leaves the reader with a sense of encouragement and hope for a brighter future - or a brighter present. Debbie Macomber"]}