{"data": ["How much do you as a consumer value a positive experience with a brand or its customer service department? How willing are you to share that with your friends? How inclined are you to let that person know that you're interaction with them was positive? Simon Mainwaring", "When a positive exchange between a brand and customers becomes quantifiable metrics, it encourages brand to provide better service, customer service to do a better job, and consumers to actively show their gratitude. Simon Mainwaring", "More brands are waking up to their social responsibility and doing good work through cause marketing campaigns. Yet too many still go about it the wrong way. I mean 'wrong' in two senses. Firstly, they are marketing ineffectively, and secondly, as a consequence their positive social impact is not maximized. Simon Mainwaring", "Everything that's bad for you catches on too quickly in America, because that's the easiest thing to get people to invest in, the pursuits that are easy and destructive, the ones that bring out the least positive aspects of people. Gil Scott-Heron", "Surround yourself with positive people. Melanie Fiona", "I think that giving mindless praise is ridiculous. But I understand why parents do it. They want their kids to feel good about themselves. But parents are never going to teach their children true, positive self esteem by praising everything they do. Rosalind Wiseman", "My whole thing is just to put out positive messages in the music, give people something that can change their lives. Kid Cudi", "You wish to put a positive construction on your deeds and words. Nigel Rees", "The reason most of the children are having problems in any inner-city neighborhood is because they don't see enough positive role models in their own environment. Marla Gibbs", "When children are very young, you read them books that are positive to help them go to sleep. But there comes a moment when they begin to understand the difficulties of the world. They know there are problems and the books they read should reflect that, not gloss over them. Michael Morpurgo"]}