{"data": ["My dad's gay experiences really had a very positive influence on me and my straight relationships - how to better accept all the weirdness and ambiguity and ups and downs and paradoxes. I knew from the beginning I was writing about love. Mike Mills", "You have a lot of ups and downs in coaching, especially, but I can't remember any bad times at this point. I mean, they're all good. A lot of tears when you lose, a lot of down times, but I can't remember any of them. They're all positive now. Even the bad times were good. Don Nelson", "I think the rise of China is one of the great events of all economic and human history, and I think this will be overwhelmingly a positive thing for the region and the world. Paul Keating", "At the end of the day the question comes, what are you doing for the world? You have to try to do something that's going to add something positive. Paul Feig", "Financial institutions, the corporate world and civil society - all must uphold high standards of probity in their working. Only a genuine partnership between the Government and its people can bring about positive change to create a just society. Pratibha Patil", "The power of women in the politics is a soft power. It is a positive change that our country and other countries in the region... are making by giving a chance to women. Atifete Jahjaga", "I did the whole rock and roll thing that's coming up. I think you're going to enjoy that! 'Burt Rocks', it's called. I like that he's a dreamer; I like how positive he is. There's a lot of things I think I can learn from Burt. Garret Dillahunt", "Sometimes negative news does come out, but it is often exaggerated and manipulated to spread scandal. Journalists sometimes risk becoming ill from coprophilia and thus fomenting coprophagia: which is a sin that taints all men and women, that is, the tendency to focus on the negative rather than the positive aspects. Pope Francis", "We are a consumer company and our success is directly linked to our users trusting us. Therefore we have the same incentive as the user: they want to see relevant advertising so their experience of Google is positive and we want to deliver it. Susan Wojcicki", "I've felt that if you dwell too much on your errors, you're dealing in the negativity of things. I don't like that. I'd rather work on the positive reinforcement, the things I did well. Hale Irwin"]}