{"data": ["I love America. It's such a positive country. Victoria Beckham", "I've always been about the power of a woman - accentuating the positive, deleting the negative, whether you're talking her body, her voice or her leadership. Donna Karan", "However much some journalists may criticize me, I know that I look, feel, and behave several decades younger than my actual age, and much of that is because I believe you are what you think you are. This is called positive affirmation, and it's a really strong tool. Joan Collins", "Among many of my friends and acquaintances, I seem to be one of the very few individuals who felt or feels no ambivalence about my mother. All my feelings for my mother were positive, very strong and abiding. Joyce Carol Oates", "Looking back, I clearly understand that seeing a 'chain of command' approach in my house was a positive thing for me. My father provided a strong point of view on life and was a leader. Boys, especially, need that. Bill O'Reilly", "I'm not the 'chosen one.' I'm just one of many who have been given gifts. I can write. I can bloviate on TV. So I'm trying to use the gifts in a positive way. And I believe that's all directed. And that's why I'm here on the planet. Bill O'Reilly", "I think of myself as a positive agnostic. I don't know, therefore I'm open. I don't know, therefore I'm interested. Grace Slick", "Engaging in social business is beneficial to a company because it leverages on business competencies to address social issues, involves one-time investment with sustainable results, and produces other positive effects such as employee motivation and improved organizational culture. Muhammad Yunus", "If you don't like me, if you like me; both are equally cool. I send love and positive energy to all those people in their lives. I hope they find where they're meant to be. Willow Smith", "America, you're sending girls a mixed message. On one hand, you're saying to have positive body image and love who we are; on the other, we're being marketed makeup and clothing that obviously turns us into someone different. Adora Svitak"]}