{"data": ["Explosion of positive rights started in 1932 with the election of Roosevelt. P. J. O'Rourke", "All religions must be made child-proof. Our teachers' unions have done good work in this field, K through 12. Delaying first communions and bar mitzvahs until age 21 would be another positive step. P. J. O'Rourke", "It's not the situation, but whether we react negative or respond positive to the situation that is important. Zig Ziglar", "To be candid, some people have given positive thinking a bad name. I can't stand to hear some gung-ho individual say that with positive thinking you can just do 'anything.' If you think about that one for a moment, you recognize the absurdity of it. Zig Ziglar", "Positive thinking will let you use the ability which you have, and that is awesome. Zig Ziglar", "Send out a cheerful, positive greeting, and most of the time you will get back a cheerful, positive greeting. It's also true that if you send out a negative greeting, you will, in most cases, get back a negative greeting. Zig Ziglar", "Some people can act Hollywood and others don't. I just try to live my life as a normal, everyday man. At times, fame does get to you. But you must stay positive and remember two things: It's easier to be happy, and without all those fans, life wouldn't be as good as it is. Chumlee", "People dwell so much on the little things, but why should they hold you back when you have the big things to look forward to? By exuding positive energy when dealing with your problems, you will exude it in your being in general. Treat yourself with love and you will exude love to others. Hayley Hasselhoff", "My dad was a very quiet person, and unbelievably tough. But my grandmother gave me my first look at negative thinking to bring about positive results. When I was just a little guy, anytime I came to my grandmother and said I wish for this or that, Grandma would say, 'If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.' Bobby Knight", "Your Heavenly Father will help you find the right path as you seek His guidance. Remember though, after you pray you must get off your knees and start doing something positive; head in the right direction! He will send people along the way who will assist you, but you must be doing your part as well. Margaret D. Nadauld"]}