{"data": ["Self-love, it is obvious, remains always positive and active in our natures. Gordon W. Allport", "Virtually nothing is impossible in this world if you just put your mind to it and maintain a positive attitude. Lou Holtz", "There are so many local nonprofits making a positive impact every day, and yet, oftentimes we don't hear enough about them or their needs. Sylvia Mathews Burwell", "Personally, I had a close friend with cystic fibrosis. I won't ever forget how he handled himself. In the face of extreme challenges and very harrowing circumstances, he maintained a positive outlook and was just very dignified, even in his suffering. Max Carver", "My favorite parable for living a positive and influential life is the Golden Rule: 'Do unto others what you would have them do unto you.' Tony Oller", "Hosting the Olympic Games of course guarantees the world's attention, but there is more to it than simply bathing in the global spotlight. Most importantly, host cities can use the opportunity to create a positive and lasting legacy, resulting in both tangible and intangible returns to local communities. Eduardo Paes", "Faith Words aren't just mere positive affirmations; they open your life up to the supernatural power of God. Bo Sanchez", "Contrary to popular mythology, the best and most durable relationships are based not on vulnerability or passion but on a conjugation of positive attributes, a meeting of mind, body and soul that is all the more powerful as it is not weighed down with neediness and unreasonable expectation. Mariella Frostrup", "I learned to take those experiences that were difficult in my life and in the adversity that I had overcome to use it for a positive change. Dominique Moceanu", "There's a certain darkness to Slipknot, but at the same time, there's a very strong dose of positivity. Stone Sour is the same way. There's a certain melancholy that comes with the slower stuff, but at the end of the day there's also that other side that is very positive. It's all how you deliver. Corey Taylor"]}