{"data": ["The Middle East is the tinder box of the world, and to be able to remove a nuclear threat of any kind out of Iran, that would have been a big deal, very positive step forward. Douglas Brinkley", "Stubbornness is a positive quality of presidential leadership - if you're right about what you're stubborn about. Douglas Brinkley", "Monopolies are bad and deserve their reputation when things are static and the monopolies function as toll collectors... But I think they're quite positive when they're dynamic and do something new. Peter Thiel", "I think working hard at anything when you're young and getting positive results, it's always an incredible feeling to see that. Jessica Springsteen", "I think there are a lot of really positive aspects to social media for novelists. Even though our work is pretty solitary, through Twitter and Tumblr and Facebook and Instagram and blogging in general, we're better able to connect directly with readers. Holly Black", "To transcend limitations and form positive new patterns of life based on who you know you can be rather than who you were yesterday, you must give up the modes of thinking, feeling and behaving that only keep you chained to your past. Debbie Ford", "The Commonwealth is a vital and positive partnership between countries striving to develop trade relations and promote democracy and human rights, united by shared values. Douglas Alexander", "Good is positive. Evil is merely privative, not absolute: it is like cold, which is the privation of heat. All evil is so much death or nonentity. Benevolence is absolute and real. So much benevolence as a man hath, so much life hath he. Ralph Waldo Emerson", "Social media websites are no longer performing an envisaged function of creating a positive communication link among friends, family and professionals. It is a veritable battleground, where insults fly from the human quiver, damaging lives, destroying self-esteem and a person's sense of self-worth. Anthony Carmona", "You must stand for something! It does not have to be grand, but it must be a positive that brings light to someone else's darkness. Anthony Carmona"]}