{"data": ["I'm one of five sisters. I'm the younger of twins, and we're the youngest of five girls, and we've always been very close. We were pretty much a gang. I take after my mother a lot in terms of personality and character. She was very positive; always looked on the bright side of things. She had a tough time of it with my dad but did her best. Jerry Hall", "As far as vanity and wrinkles and things like that, that's a part of life I don't worry about. I put on creams, you know, but don't go mad, and I don't have any kind of treatments. I just live a healthy lifestyle. And staying happy, not getting negative and angry, I think that helps, looking at the positive of everything. Jerry Hall", "A lot of people love to do affirmations first thing in the morning - to keep themselves feeling peppy and positive. Karen Salmansohn", "I'm a big believer in the power of visualizations. And so are neuroscientists. Numerous studies have proven how merely imagining positive circumstances sends blood flowing from negative brain regions to positive ones. Karen Salmansohn", "I've gotten nothing but warmth from the Black community and positive feedback. Misty Copeland", "My album is very uplifting and positive and fun. That was my mission - to get people up on their feet and escape the seriousness of life. Fleur East", "Character is the ability of a person to see a positive end of things. This is the hope that a man of character has. Tom Landry", "When the mind is empty, silent, when it is in a state of complete negation - which is not blankness, nor the opposite of being positive, but a totally different state in which all thought has ceased - only then is it possible for that which is unnameable to come into being. Jiddu Krishnamurti", "In a position of utter desolation, when man cannot express himself in positive action, when his only achievement may consist in enduring his sufferings in the right way - an honorable way - in such a position man can, through loving contemplation of the image he carries of his beloved, achieve fulfillment. Viktor E. Frankl", "In a spiritual sense, a positive attitude may help you get through chemotherapy and surgery and radiation and what have you. But a positive mental attitude does not cure cancer - any more than a negative mental attitude causes cancer. Siddhartha Mukherjee"]}