{"data": ["I do a good job of staying positive and just moving on. Katie Taylor", "Long ago made it a principle of my life to cultivate a positive frame of mind, to strive to project it and to share it with those I meet. It is a principle that has served me well. Chuck Norris", "Exercise, prayer, and meditation are examples of calming rituals. They have been shown to induce a happier mood and provide a positive pathway through life's daily frustrations. Chuck Norris", "I truly believe that the people who have a negative view of Trump will be pleasantly surprised when he becomes the leader of our country. I also believe he will make positive changes that will benefit the people who need it most. Chuck Norris", "I do expect a lot from myself, but it's also a balance of being... positive and also pushing yourself. Venus Williams", "The world is a slightly better place for having improvisation in it than it was before. There's something about it that says something positive about the human spirit, that a bunch of people can get together and by following a few simple traffic rules can create art and can entertain an audience and can thrill and exalt each other. Del Close", "In this world, you can choose to be positive, or you can choose to be negative. You can choose to see things through a set of eyes that sees good, or you can choose to see things in life that aren't so good. Jack Harbaugh", "I've always followed my heart and pursued my dreams, and I imagine that people find that inspiring. I hope that is the effect I have on my fans and people in general. I definitely want to project a positive energy out into the world. Britney Spears", "Where educators are raising and combining their voices, the seeds of positive change have emerged. Collective voice, exercised through the union, is power - the power to drive real change for our kids, families and communities. Randi Weingarten", "In 'Chappie,' you see this sort of young robot that's learning through maybe 'deep learning' how to see the world really, look out into the world, and learn step by step. What's so interesting is that with 'Chappie,' you're getting to see how human behavior reacts to artificial intelligence, and I don't think it's always going to be positive. Gray Scott"]}