{"data": ["I really am into crystals. I'm a real positive thinker. I believe in creative visualisation. Victoria Beckham", "I have often been struck by the fact that most parents who are experiencing positive and rewarding relationships with their pre-adolescent children are, nevertheless, waiting apprehensively and bracing themselves for the stormy adolescent period. Albert Bandura", "When did the word 'compromise' get compromised? When did the negative connotations of 'He was caught in a compromising position' or 'She compromised her ethics' replace the positive connotations of 'They reached a compromise'? Deborah Tannen", "No matter how bad any situation, cynicism has no positive impact. Watching the news, you might notice that cynicism and victimhood often seem to go hand-in-hand, but not for veterans. James Mattis", "I'm always angry. I wake up angry. There is a lot to be angry about. Anger is a positive energy. Thandie Newton", "Sitting there clapping and smiling... it's difficult. You're like, 'Don't worry about it, you just double faulted, you just played a really dumb point. Keep positive.' Then more clapping. That would annoy me as a player. John McEnroe", "Being body positive is really important to your overall happiness. It's hard to see someone with a 'perfect' body and be like, 'Why can't I be like her?' But that person was born to be who she is, and you're born to be who you are. Sabrina Carpenter", "I know everything that I do is going to be more powerful and touch more people in a positive way than if I go out there and cause havoc. Trevor Jackson", "All this stuff doesn't happen to you for your own sake. It doesn't happen to you so you can fill your shelves with trophies or line your pockets with cash; it happens so you can have a positive influence and encourage other people. David Robinson", "New tech explosions create winners and losers, but overall are remarkably positive for the country, middle-class folks, the economy, jobs, and wages. Lawrence Kudlow"]}