{"data": ["If you don't find time to meditate and get all that negative out, and if you don't have the right people being positive around you, this is a very scary job to have if you don't learn how to control your fear. Nate Diaz", "Even if you have some extra kilos, you don't need to kill yourself for that; you just have to look at yourself as a positive. Irina Shayk", "We will all be gone one day. Not as a negative thing - as a positive thing, too, you know, and we should leave something behind ourselves. Irina Shayk", "I'm usually always very happy and funny and positive. It's only when I'm tired that I get a little low energy. Nargis Fakhri", "It's extremely important just to keep things positive and happy as much as we can... I think it's important that singers, actors, or whatever use our voice to spread positive messages as much as we possibly can. Shawn Mendes", "All my life, I have been a positive thinker... I have always been able to survive by telling myself that no matter how bad things are, they will one day be better. And that out of every event - no matter how tragic - one can always find a way to survive and even, perhaps, to be a little bit happy. Zsa Zsa Gabor", "Hope is not just... out in the sky, or accepting the facts or reality. Hope is having optimistic, positive expectations. Craig Sager", "Kids need role models, whether it's baseball players, actors or musicians: people to bring a little positive light into their hearts and minds. We need to be a little kinder to those people because it's not easy being that role model, looked upon as something we are all incapable of being - too perfect. David Cassidy", "I was always really proud of the fact that I had a very positive influence as a role model. David Cassidy", "Everybody thinks when I say a guy is a good game manager, that's a negative, but I think it's a real positive. You have the ball in your hand every time when you're a quarterback. Whether you're handing it off or throwing to somebody, I think that's extremely important. Nick Saban"]}