{"data": ["A focus on regulatory overreach, things that the benefit doesn't outweigh the cost, is probably the single greatest opportunity we have for having a positive impact on job creation. Thom Tillis", "Al Gore has all of the positive attributes of Bill Clinton but is saddled with none of his negatives. He's a great big teddy bear of a political figure - Teflon coated, road tested, and everyone's nice guy. Peter Navarro", "I think it's high time that we had a woman president. But I don't want to elect someone just because she's a woman; I want the best candidate to be elected. I think that any woman who is elected to the highest office in the land would clearly have positive role model effects for other young women. Linda McMahon", "In everyday life, I use positive thoughts, sense of humor, Taekwondo, running, and yoga to make me stronger. Pom Klementieff", "I think being negative is being positive. You can't improve without stating the problem. Mike Yaconelli", "I had a sense when I took the job that the 1976-77 Trail Blazers could be very good. We had made a lot of positive roster changes, but it wasn't until I had the team in training camp that I realized that this team could be special. Midway through that season, I felt we had a chance to win it all. Jack Ramsay", "I haven't gotten a lot of feedback about, 'Oh, you helped me in this way.' But on social media, people are like, 'Thank you for your positive posts,' or 'It's fun to see you grow and your character. I feel like I'm growing with you.' Taylour Paige", "There's sadness to anyone that dies before their time, and specifically ones that seem to affect people in a positive way. It doesn't matter if it's Whitney Houston or a nameless, faceless person on the street. That's just as big of a tragedy for me. Chris Cornell", "I have learned that champions aren't just born; champions can be made when they embrace and commit to life-changing positive habits. Lewis Howes", "Staying consistent with positive habits can be a challenge. Lewis Howes"]}