{"data": ["We have found a direct correlation between grit and positive emotions, but the fact that I have no evidence that grit is bad for you doesn't mean it's not. It's always a possibility that in the future researchers will discover a downside to grit. Angela Duckworth", "I am often offered roles or women who are very strong, uncompromising. But it's fun to do 'Manglehorn,' where I'm playing somebody who's very open, very optimistic, very positive. I don't want to bore myself. Holly Hunter", "Spirituality is everything for me because I've based my life on that: finding the positive out of everything and professing what I want and manifesting it in my mind. Rotimi", "There's a good amount of research out there that shows generous parental leave policies have a significant positive impact on employee retention and morale. Christine Tsai", "Sexism is part of every industry and must be addressed. But I try not to focus on the negative but the positive side of what we can bring. Angelina Jolie", "If there is even one woman out there who went and got checked and found that she had cancer or she was positive and she caught something in time, and if in any small way I was a part of that, it makes me very emotional. Angelina Jolie", "Loneliness is such an omnipotent and painful threat to many persons that they have little conception of the positive values of solitude and even, at times, are frightened at the prospect of being alone. Rollo May", "In order to design a future of positive change, we must first become expert at changing our minds. Jacque Fresco", "For the people to hear directly from their president, no matter what format that is in - whether it's through social-media platforms, whether it's through speeches, whether it's through interviews - that's always a positive. Sarah Huckabee Sanders", "You win football games by first getting possession and then running 3- and 5-yard plays. Not by Hail Mary passes. Common sense, elbow grease, and keeping a positive attitude. Greg Gianforte"]}