{"data": ["You have so many at-bats, and obviously if you go three out of 10, you're doing well for the season, so you try to forget every at-bat you have that's not a good one and try to stay positive. Billy Butler", "When you stand out in a small town or at work,or in your peer group, whatever it is, it feels really awful. Certainly, when you're growing up, you want to be normal. You just want to fit in. Then you realize that maybe fitting in is, in some respects, quite ordinary. I think it's good to put a positive spin on being slightly unique. Katherine Ryan", "You can't take it on that you're responsible for somebody else's well-being, but you can be positive and bring them up. Jonah Marais", "Rising incomes and positive demographics will provide opportunities for retail financial services in India. Chanda Kochhar", "You will always have ups and downs in your life and your career, but just stay positive and go for it. Angelique Kerber", "For me, reinstating the ban on transgenders in the military was a very positive step. Tomi Lahren", "It's about not having doubt in your mind and staying focused and not having any preconceived notion about failure. It's just looking forward and staying positive. Freya Tingley", "If there is one positive takeaway from the collapse of Mt.Gox, it is the willingness of a new generation of Bitcoin companies to work together to ensure the future of Bitcoin and the security of customer funds. Brian Armstrong", "The genius of Rachel Dolezal's transracial achievement is that it has nearly limitless applications. Rachel is taking 'the power of positive thinking' to a whole new level. Tom Tancredo", "Too often, women are waiting for someone to recognise their great work and tap them on the shoulder and say, 'Here - this is the next thing we want you to do,' and that may happen. But I feel you need to take more ownership of telling your story, advocating for yourself. You can do it in a way that's positive and that your leaders will appreciate. Lynne Doughtie"]}