{"data": ["I discovered that joy is not the negation of pain, but rather acknowledging the presence of pain and feeling happiness in spite of it. Lupita Nyong'o", "I always say: 'Share your happiness with the world, give other people that happiness and let it come back,' but some things make me question it. I don't know if I want some people to know that I am happy. I think a lot of people want to take it away from you, and that's really scary. Iggy Azalea", "I realised that you can go through times of extreme happiness, but if that happiness is not coming from a deeply rooted place, you will also be going through extreme lows of sadness. Katrina Kaif", "Don't depend on a guy for your happiness. You have to live your own life and do your own thing. That's when good things come around - when you do your own thing and you're not worried about a man. It will happen in due time. Keke Palmer", "I have found that the only thing that does bring you happiness is doing something good for somebody who is incapable of doing it for themselves. David Letterman", "Satan would have you believe that happiness comes only as you surrender to his enticements, but one only needs to look at the shattered lives of those who violate God's laws to know why Satan is called the Father of Lies. Ezra Taft Benson", "If you really want to receive joy and happiness, then serve others with all your heart. Lift their burden, and your own burden will be lighter. Ezra Taft Benson", "One of the standards on which your happiness is based, now and in your future, is moral purity. Ezra Taft Benson", "I'm living the exact life I planned on living when I was five. My life has taken some turns and changes that I didn't anticipate, and it has brought me different things. I thought material things would bring me happiness, which they didn't. But through this, I have learned what things are important and what aren't. Tom Ford", "If my life has had a theme, I suppose it has been a typical American theme in that, for most of it, I have been looking for happiness and success. Zig Ziglar"]}