{"data": ["In the scope of a happy life, a messy desk or an overstuffed coat closet is a trivial thing, yet I find - and I hear from other people that they agree - that getting rid of clutter gives a disproportionate boost to happiness. Gretchen Rubin", "One major challenge within happiness is loneliness. The more I've learned about happiness, the more I've come to believe that loneliness is a terrible, common, and important obstacle to consider. Gretchen Rubin", "I am not happy, and the quest for happiness as a principal objective is not part of my world. Of course, ever since I can remember, I have done what I felt like doing. Paulo Coelho", "More compassionate mind, more sense of concern for other's well-being, is source of happiness. Dalai Lama", "Happiness exists only if you have a lot of people to share it with. Ranbir Kapoor", "An award means a lot to me. It brings happiness along with a kind of fear. It brings fear because the award is the responsibility which audiences have put on us. So a singer winning an award should always try to give best of him to the audiences. Shreya Ghoshal", "I try to be a good daughter, as I believe in karma and feel that how you are with your parents is directly proportionate to what you receive in your life. I am a big oneness follower, and our gurus have told us that if you want to achieve external happiness, you need to be happy internally. And your inner circle is your family. Shilpa Shetty", "In a storm of struggles, I have tried to control the elements, clasp the fist tight so as to protect self and happiness. But stress can be an addiction, and worry can be our lunge for control, and we forget the answer to this moment is always yes because of Christ. Ann Voskamp", "Man is never always happy, and very often only a brief period of happiness is granted him in this world; so why escape from this dream which cannot last long? Frederic Chopin", "Chaos is the first condition. Order is the first law. Continuity is the first reflection. Quietude is the first happiness. James Stephens"]}