{"data": ["The single most important factor in our long-term happiness is the relationships we have with our family and close friends. Clayton M. Christensen", "For many, many people, getting married is one of the most important things they will ever do in the pursuit of happiness. Marianne Williamson", "It is easily and often overlooked that when Thomas Jefferson asserted that life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness were inalienable human rights, he did so on the ground that they had been endowed by God, our Creator. Tom Stoppard", "My mantra is: Let there be happiness in my soul, and let me share it with the world. Alexandra Stoddard", "How we feel about ourselves as we read the newspaper, set the table, wash the dishes, recycle the trash and wash our clothes... is essential to our overall happiness and well-being. Alexandra Stoddard", "Happiness radiates like the fragrance from a flower and draws all good things towards you. Maharishi Mahesh Yogi", "People can hate on you for doing what it is that makes you happy, but ultimately, it has to belong to you. It shouldn't matter what anyone else thinks. Life is not easy. The road to happiness is not a path well trotted. You have to find your own path to enlightenment. Jamie Campbell Bower", "America is a mosaic not of groups but of individuals, each of whom carries a host of cultural influences, some chosen, some inherited, some absorbed by osmosis. That mosaic is held together by the pursuit of happiness, the most powerful mortar ever conceived. Left alone, it will long endure. Virginia Postrel", "Some of the natural world is appealing, some of it is terrifying, and some of it grosses us out. Modern people don't want to be dropped naked into a swamp. We want to tour Yosemite with our water bottles and G.P.S. devices. The natural world is a source of happiness and fulfillment, but only when prescribed in the right doses. Paul Bloom", "As a teenager, rather than setting myself on a course to pursue fame (quite common growing up in L.A., the entertainment capital of the world), happiness, fulfillment, and spiritual enlightenment (also quite common), I skipped right on to trying to be successful. 'Let's just get on with it,' I felt. 'Onward' became my motto. Karen Finerman"]}