{"data": ["Happiness means nothing to me. I just want to have meaning and purpose. Jon Krakauer", "Happiness for me is the people whom you love, love you back. Jorge Ramos", "Those who know me know I'm passionate about lists, and top of my list of priorities is my family. My wife Joan and I do not consider our legacy to our children to be wealth or fame but the opportunity to pursue happiness by following their own path. Richard Branson", "Happiness is a state of mind, you know. I don't think you are permanently happy. One is happy about certain things and not so happy about others. Indira Gandhi", "If you took away all pain, if everyone lived forever, everything would be bland, flat and boring; there would be no reason for art, music, newspapers, love because we would all be in a mono state of happiness. Matt Haig", "Sometimes in life, we try to do our very best to help others, and in the process, it brings some anguish to us. But we can't ever let that stop us. We can't ever be stopped from helping others and allowing them to have some sense of happiness and joy in their life. Jon Huntsman, Sr.", "The revolutionary sees his task as liberation not only of the oppressed but also of the oppressor. Happiness can never truly exist in a state of tension. Steven Biko", "I began to realize that, in spite of great achievements in wealth and military prowess, the great powers of Europe have not yet succeeded in providing the greatest happiness of the vast majority of the people; and that the reformers in these European countries were working hard for a new social revolution. Sun Yat-sen", "The wretched and miserable would rise into plenty of joy and happiness as soon as they climb the steps of my mosque. Sai Baba", "It is an amazing feature in the French character that they will let themselves be led away so easily by bad counsels and yet return again so quickly. It is certain that as these people have, out of their misery, treated us so well, we are the more bound to work for their happiness. Marie Antoinette"]}