{"data": ["There are going to be priorities and multiple dimensions of your life, and how you integrate that is how you find happiness. Denise Morrison", "Some women succeed at being strong and also tender, but most of those who have intended to walk alone, making their own way, have lost their happiness. Elsa Schiaparelli", "Humans are extremely good in acquiring new power, but they are not very good in translating this power into greater happiness, which is why we are far more powerful than ever before but we don't seem to be much happier. Yuval Noah Harari", "Too many people limit their happiness and success by assuming that taking time off from work will send a negative message to their manager and slow their career advancement. Shawn Achor", "The suburbs have this veneer of happiness, you know? This veneer of the ideal life. From afar, it's all together - white picket fence, nice house - but you peel away one little layer, and it all comes crumbling down. Jason Jones", "Breathing in South Korea, even though the life here is not easy, makes me so happy. I feel that sitting in a coffee shop, having a cup of tea, and looking out of the window at the blue sky - this is happiness. Truly happiness. Lee Hyeon-seo", "We used to have championships in the streets with my friends, and whoever scored a goal was the happiest boy in the world. Now, every time that I score, I go back to being a child: the happiness of scoring a goal is unexplainable. Antoine Griezmann", "I am not very fond of spotlight or even, for that matter, money. I appreciate the small things that give me joy. The most precious forms of happiness often come from things that money cannot buy. Nithya Menen", "Happiness is perhaps painlessness, a state one rarely appreciates. Happiness, then, is very much like a great talent. It rarely gets appreciated and is taken for granted. Kamal Haasan", "My definition of beauty is happiness. I believe that when you are happy, it shines through and makes you a more attractive and beautiful person! Bianca Balti"]}