{"data": ["I think Spain will always remain inspirational, and I think French cuisine will continue to be very French and yet very relevant with its time and keep evolving. But the last thing you want for it is to become too trendy and confusing. It has too much history. Daniel Boulud", "This is just rap. I'm not trying to make people think I'm some sort of scientific wizard or inspirational poet. Action Bronson", "'All in With Laila Ali' is educational, inspirational, compelling programming profiling individuals that have reached for the sky, pushed themselves to the limit and did things that you would think were impossible. Laila Ali", "Inside, I've got a real purist desire and dream about the music. I like the idea of being able to carve out a kind of magical, colourful, artistic, inspirational life. And the reality just turns out to be quite different, working with the business to bring this thing you have created into the world. Damien Rice", "Coming to Nashville has been so motivating and inspirational. Just watching people live and breathe their music and create something that they can feel from start to finish. Madi Diaz", "Hopefully, when people see 'Senna', they will understand why this inspirational story needed to be told, why it had to be made as a movie for the big screen, and why it is a film for everyone. Asif Kapadia", "I am never without my lyric book. If anything inspirational happens, I have it there so nothing's forgotten. Gabrielle Aplin", "I've been known to write 10 pages a day for 10 days running before I take a breath. I am not a disciplined writer. I'm one of those people who laughingly call themselves inspirational writers, which basically means someone who has no control over their own creative process. Catherine Ryan Hyde", "I grew up in a very spiritual home in a Liberty City neighborhood of Miami, FL. I was raised in the church, and my mother was a very inspirational person in my life. Robert Battle", "The government will see that human spaceflight is useful - for science and the economy - and inspirational. Helen Sharman"]}