{"data": ["Every video I've made has an inspirational message behind it. Since day one, I thought, 'Okay, I want my audience to be, like, Disney members.' So if that's the case, I have to keep everything rated G. Michelle Phan", "My initial goal for the 1984 opening ceremonies was a show that would be majestic, inspirational, and emotional - a 20 goosebump experience. David L. Wolper", "Thelonious Monk was one of the musicians I most connected with early on. I'm a huge Betty Carter fan, and the way that Abbey Lincoln and Shirley Horn grew immensely from the time they were young is so inspirational. Cecile McLorin Salvant", "It is so inspirational, to see that in the world of Westeros, men are answering to women, and they are a force to be reckoned with. It's empowering, and it's inspirational as well, because you're just like, 'This is great!' Rose Leslie", "Although he's no longer with us, Steve Jobs is still inspirational to me, as he managed to find the balance between right brain/left-brain thinking that is crucial to building a creative technology business. Imran Amed", "It really is an honor if I can be inspirational to a younger singer or person. It means I've done my job. Aretha Franklin", "'Get along, go along' is not an inspirational philosophy, and only God knows how much moral cowardice it has covered up over the years. Serve your time, collect your chits, and cash 'em in for your home state? No, I'd say we could ask for more than that from our senators. Molly Ivins", "I knew, regardless of anything else, singing in front of an orchestra was going to be inspirational. It would feed me. George Michael", "I think being directed and mentored by someone as inspirational as Paul Feig not only improves my performance but, as a whole, makes it what it is. Nargis Fakhri", "At the end of the day, the one commonality that both Hindi cinema and Hollywood share is that they are full of talented and inspirational people. Outside of this, there are many differences, from the scheduling and rehearsal to promotion and directing techniques. Nargis Fakhri"]}