{"data": ["I look forward to making tangible and inspirational contributions to the Houston Technology Center's initiatives. HTC is an engine behind Houston's and Texas' continued growth. Walter O'Brien", "What's on my playlist when I'm fighting is not so much hip-hop. Sometimes, it's something more inspirational. I get a chance to think about what I'm fighting for, like, my family. It takes me to that state because a lot of times, it's a spiritual warfare for me. Tyron Woodley", "I'm not here to impose Sharia law, and I'm not here to have a message about disability being inspirational - I'm here to make people laugh. But when I can layer things and make people not only laugh but question, make people not only laugh but be offended... I have to do that. Maysoon Zayid", "I worked at The Old Globe Theater under the great baton of Craig Noel. One of the great theater heroes that we have. He was so great and so inspirational. I think I did 'Antony and Cleopatra' and 'The Taming of the Shrew'. I lived in Ocean Beach, and my rent was $140 a month. Jeffrey Tambor", "We're in a situation where talented, motivated school leavers and graduates can send off a hundred CVs and not get a reply, and where a trip to the Job Centre is depressing rather than inspirational. And you know what, that just feels wrong. Jameela Jamil", "It's music. It's supposed to be fun and inspirational. You have to be inspired. If I did it because it was my 'job,' and I only did it to make money, I don't think I'd still be doing it. Max Martin", "I've never been a die-hard Beyonce fan. I always thought she was inspirational and beautiful. Winnie Harlow", "When I see a friend play Hamlet or see an inspirational performance, I absolutely get excited by the idea of changing things up. Andrew Lincoln", "It was incredible being on tour with Taylor Swift: she was the epitome of a professional, and she works so hard. For someone as successful as her to work that hard every night - truly inspirational. Shawn Mendes", "Kunta Kinte is the closest thing I've ever seen... to a superhero. He's amazing. He's inspirational. Malachi Kirby"]}