{"data": ["The hymn 'Amazing Grace' is so inspirational - I wish I'd written it. Neil Sedaka", "I wanted to write a book about what it's like to be 50 and trying to reinvent yourself - that struggle. There are all these books and inspirational speakers talking about being a lifelong learner, and it's so great to reinvent yourself, the brand of you. And I wanted to say, you know, it's not like that. It's actually really painful. Daniel Lyons", "Northeastern folk music influenced me from a very young age. Sachin Dev Burman is one of the inspirational musicians in Indian film music. The way he fused folk music with his signature style is amazing. So, I am aware of the beauty of northeast folk music. Adnan Sami", "'Can You See' is a beautiful song that follows a story of the star. It's a very inspirational song. Ally Brooke", "'Ebony' is very inspirational and aspirational to its readers. Linda Johnson Rice", "I am shocked and deeply saddened by McQueen's death. He was a genius, and his talent was second to none. Like many others, I always cited him as a hugely inspirational leader of world fashion. He will be greatly missed. Matthew Williamson", "I think women think I'm inspirational because I'm unapologetic. I have cellulite. I have back fat. I've got a thick stomach. But I work my body like I don't because I don't know any other body. I don't know how to feel thin. I just know how to feel like Ashley. Ashley Graham", "Being appointed as the next Gewandhauskapellmeister of the Gewandhausorchester is a completely overwhelming honour. This extraordinary orchestra and its wonderful musicians are unique in so many respects, and particularly in their creation of an exceptional sound world based on outstanding tradition that is, at its heart, inspirational. Andris Nelsons", "I think it's great that you have inspirational female roles, that it's not just the pretty girl on the arm of a man. Hannah John-Kamen", "Can a person be inspirational? Does a person have global sensibility? That's the hardest thing to find. Anand Mahindra"]}