{"data": ["I wanted to be an independent woman, a woman who could pay for her bills, a woman who could run her own life - and I became that woman. Diane von Furstenberg", "No one really has a bad life. Not even a bad day. Just bad moments. Regina Brett", "There are times you can't really see or even feel how sweet life can be. Hopefully its mountains will be higher than its valleys are deep. I know things that are broken can be fixed. Take the punch if you have to, hit the canvas and then get up again. Life is worth it. Queen Latifah", "We all have different things that we go through in our everyday life, and it's really important to know just at the end of the day, it doesn't matter what you face, you know, that you're going to win at the end of the day. You got to believe in yourself. You got to believe in God, know that He's going to get you through it. Kelly Rowland", "I have been very blessed in my life and rewarded with good friends and good health. I am grateful and happy to be able to share this. Eric Idle", "The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam", "My greatest beauty secret is being happy with myself. I don't use special creams or treatments - I'll use a little bit of everything. It's a mistake to think you are what you put on yourself. I believe that a lot of how you look is to do with how you feel about yourself and your life. Happiness is the greatest beauty secret. Tina Turner", "There's so many things that life is, and no matter how many breakthroughs, trials will exist and we're going to get through it. Just be strong. Mary J. Blige", "I don't regret what I've been through. I've had ups and downs, super highs and some really low lows. I've been so blessed that I could never say, 'I wish this didn't happen.' It's part of who I am. There's nothing in my life that's so ugh. Jennifer Lopez", "With ideas it is like with dizzy heights you climb: At first they cause you discomfort and you are anxious to get down, distrustful of your own powers; but soon the remoteness of the turmoil of life and the inspiring influence of the altitude calm your blood; your step gets firm and sure and you begin to look - for dizzier heights. Nikola Tesla"]}