{"data": ["Many people dream about being an entrepreneur, starting their own business, working for themselves, and living the good life. Very few, however, will actually take the plunge and put everything they've got into being their own boss. Fabrizio Moreira", "Serenity is the balance between good and bad, life and death, horrors and pleasures. Life is, as it were, defined by death. If there wasn't death of things, then there wouldn't be any life to celebrate. Norman Davies", "Life isn't always really glamorous and fabulous. It's about encouraging people to go back to natural beauty. Zoe Foster Blake", "We live a happy life, and we don't take anything too seriously. Zoe Foster Blake", "As an adult, I've always tried to be a good person my whole life, so I've made good friends, and I've always built great relationships and been friendly with people. I always think what you do to others will come to you, so that's how I treat people. Roman Reigns", "There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there has always been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge. Isaac Asimov", "An arrogant person considers himself perfect. This is the chief harm of arrogance. It interferes with a person's main task in life - becoming a better person. Leo Tolstoy", "Today, Negroes play on every big league club and in every minor league. With millions of other Negroes in other walks of life, we are willing to stand up and be counted for what we believe in. In baseball or out, we are no longer willing to wait until Judgment Day for equality - we want it here on earth as well as in Heaven. Jackie Robinson", "Happiness is being content with what you have, living in freedom and liberty, having a good family life and good friends. Divyanka Tripathi", "The whole point is to live life and be - to use all the colors in the crayon box. RuPaul"]}