{"data": ["The funny thing is that I feel close to all my characters. Deep, deep inside them all. Paul Auster", "If something is shocking without being funny it's hard to justify. Seth MacFarlane", "My career only took off because of one football game. I thought it was funny. 'Playboy' called and offered me a cover just like that. I turned them down initially, because I was nervous about it and my boyfriend at the time didn't want me to do it, but they kept coming back, so I eventually said yes. Pamela Anderson", "I don't have to be bam, bam, bam, funny when I'm working. I can tell stories, and there's some funny in them. Whoopi Goldberg", "I was the kind nobody thought could make it. I had a funny Boston accent. I couldn't pronounce my R's. I wasn't a beauty. Barbara Walters", "I've had an experience through music that has touched almost every part of me. It educated me in ways that I didn't get educated in school. So we try to lay on a bit of that, through being funny, being serious, playing hard. Bruce Springsteen", "It's so funny, you go to acting school thinking you're going to learn how to be other people, but really it taught me how to be myself. Because it's in understanding yourself deeply that you can lend yourself to another person's circumstances and another person's experience. Lupita Nyong'o", "I'm really not that funny in real life! But I am the best audience one could find. I love to laugh. Carol Burnett", "With all singers, insecurity is your best security. That's why we're such loud people and why we walk all funny. You think, 'Are people interested?' But I think our band has something and they know we don't just put albums out. We do think about it. Bono", "Show me one guy or woman as funny as Rodney Dangerfield or as good as George Carlin, Richard Pryor, Bill Cosby, or Joan Rivers. There are a lot of good comics out there, no doubt, but as far as the quality of the comics goes, I think what you have is a bunch of situational comics. Chris Rock"]}