{"data": ["There is always something funny going on between scenes with Adam Sandler. He's always cracking jokes and yelling at people for no reason. It's pretty funny. He'll joke around during scenes, too. When he guest-starred on 'Jessie,' there was nothing in the script that he said first take. Cameron Boyce", "I love my brothers' kids. It's funny - as an uncle, you become so protective of them. Liam Hemsworth", "I used to stutter really badly. Everybody thinks it's funny. And it's not funny. It's not. Joe Biden", "Regardless of what I do, whether I write a book or whether I act or whether I host, I'll always do stand-up comedy because those moments, that's what I crave. If I do something funny, and I hear a crowd laugh in that moment, we're all sharing the exact same experience and the exact same feeling. Howie Mandel", "There's a fine line between angry and grumpy. Angry isn't nice, but grumpy is funny. Rick Wakeman", "Maybe that is why kids like Dumbledore: because he is funny rather than a miserable old sod with a long white beard. Michael Gambon", "The human brain is a funny thing: it's very susceptible to tempo and melody. You put the right words to it, and it becomes very influential. Ray Stevens", "Eyebrows are really important because they structure the face. In school it was funny because I was always the one walking around with tweezers plucking my girlfriends' eyebrows. I was really good; eyebrow tweezing runs in my family - my mother used to do mine, and I picked it up. Rita Ora", "I definitely knew I wanted to be an actor in high school. I was doing plays and musicals, and I loved 'Saturday Night Live' and thought that was what I wanted to do - funny sketches and comedies. So I knew then, but I didn't know how to go about it, but I found my way. Jerry Trainor", "My brothers and sister and me grew up making fun of each other, the way we'd speak or move. When we get together, everyone's funny, quick, loud, and speaks on top of each other. It was like a great comedy school; nothing is precious. Colman Domingo"]}