{"data": ["It's funny: the one time I got star-struck was when I met Snoop Dogg. I gave him a hug and said, 'I love you, man.' Mark Foster", "The funny thing about the people I don't like - they're very self-centered. Brendon Urie", "When you write something you know, you're making a story that will work, whether or not there's bits taken. It's always funny to me when people say, 'Well, it's clearly autobiographical,' and I say, 'Well, how do you know my autobiography?' Certainly, there are things that are connected, but I just think it's a very interesting assumption. Greta Gerwig", "Censorship no longer works by hiding information from you; censorship works by flooding you with immense amounts of misinformation, of irrelevant information, of funny cat videos, until you're just unable to focus. Yuval Noah Harari", "There is a saying that if you get something for free, you should know that you're the product. It was never more true than in the case of Facebook and Gmail and YouTube. You get free social-media services, and you get free funny cat videos. In exchange, you give up the most valuable asset you have, which is your personal data. Yuval Noah Harari", "It doesn't matter how many people adore you or how skinny, successful, smart, talented, funny, kind, or compassionate you are. None of it matters if you don't see your wonderful self. Amanda de Cadenet", "The real challenge lies in maintaining dignity while being funny. I am in awe of Krushna Abhishek's energy and Bharti Singh's wit. They are infectious and selfless. Amruta Khanvilkar", "I've always liked being funny and making people laugh. I was a cut-up when I was a kid and was always doing bits for my friends and family. I remember doing pratfalls on the playground in fourth grade for my friend and really hurting my hip. Busy Philipps", "I wasn't necessarily always funny, I don't know if I necessarily am - some would argue not - but I was definitely, always been a strange one. Definitely always an odd duck. Thomas Middleditch", "You cannot dictate what people find funny, what people find attractive, or what people find scary. There is not a norm. Guillermo del Toro"]}