{"data": ["Because most people are not sufficiently employed in themselves, they run about loose, hungering for employment, and satisfy themselves in various supererogatory occupations. The easiest of these occupations, which have all to do with making things already made, is the making of people: it is called the art of friendship. Laura Riding", "The friendship we share grows amidst the craggy rock pond; reeds of water spray fireflies scented with bonfires. Bradley Chicho", "The joys of friendship inert the heart and fizzy home bouncing jubilantly with laughter-buttered love. Bradley Chicho", "Plunderous is the palate I gift to you, openly I hug the universe of our friendship expanding its outer limit. Bradley Chicho", "Blunders, no, only friendship binds us to honesty - attracting crypts of mushrooms in the wake of our snowboards. Bradley Chicho", "Things have gone beyond my wildest expectations and dreams, and I feel like I've been given so many blessings in my life, between my friendship with the guys in the band, our wonderful audience, being able to play this music, and then my family. Trey Anastasio", "There was really no friendship in modeling, though a certain amount of warmth comes from running into models you know on shoots, because you end up in so many unfamiliar places, from Alaska to Africa. Carol Alt", "I noticed that no matter where I went in the country, there was this group of questions that got asked. I would track them and keep them in categories. Like body image, school, family, friendship, you name it, the emotional life of a teenage girl. Elizabeth Berkley", "To avoid being mistaken for a sellout, I chose my friends carefully. The more politically active black students. The foreign students. The Chicanos. The Marxist professors and structural feminists and punk-rock performance poets. Barack Obama", "I'm single, footloose and fancy free, I have no responsibilities, no anchors. Work, friendship and self-improvement, that's me. Joel Edgerton"]}