{"data": ["I hope to continue my friendship with France and its filmmakers for many years to come. Harvey Weinstein", "China has been committed to the independent foreign policy of peace and has developed friendship and cooperation with all countries on the basis of the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence. Hu Jintao", "Often the magical elements in my books are standing in for elements of the real world, the small and magical-in-their-own-right sorts of things that we take for granted and no longer pay attention to, like the bonds of friendship that entwine our own lives with those of other people and places. Charles de Lint", "The beginning of a friendship, the fact that two people out of the thousands around them can meet and connect and become friends, seems like a kind of magic to me. But maintaining a friendship requires work. I don't mean that as a bad thing. Good art requires work as well. Charles de Lint", "Look, I worked with American Republican presidents and Democratic presidents, all of them, and each of them has shown a deep and profound friendship to Israel, you know? I can't remember anybody who was in that sense negative as far as Israel is concerned. Shimon Peres", "Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation. Paul Theroux", "Value your friendship. Value your relationships. Barbara Bush", "Sixth grade was a big time, in my childhood, of hoops and friendship, and coming up with funny things. Adam Sandler", "My last public performance for money was in 1967. For free, it was 1972, with the exception of two little one-shot, one-song things. But that's just for friends, out of friendship for the people involved, and also because it was fun. Tom Lehrer", "I didn't like England. I couldn't take the look of the place or the style of friendship. I need more intimacy from people than is considered okay there, and I felt that my personality and my enthusiasms weren't understood. I had to put a big lid on myself. Jane Campion"]}