{"data": ["We have to rise above bad fortune. We have to be in the good and enjoy the good, study and work and adventure and friendship and community and love. Joshua Prager", "A friend is an emotional bond, just like friendship is a human experience. Simon Sinek", "The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when. Simon Sinek", "I really think that technology has the greatest potential to accelerate happiness of most things in the world. The companies that will ultimately do well are the companies that chase happiness. If you find a way to help people find love, or health or friendship, the dollar will chase that. Ashton Kutcher", "One of the most mawkish of human delusions is the notion that friendship should be eternal, or, at all events, life-long, and that any act which puts a term to it is somehow discreditable. H. L. Mencken", "I really wasn't even aware that Batman and Superman had this kind of grudging friendship. Mark Valley", "A band is a good way to break up a friendship. Julian Casablancas", "Yeah, I miss it. You don't just break off a friendship you've had with a sport, and with all those you've met all over the country. We've got some friends, some very close friends, and you just sit back and think how fortunate you were having a career like that. And, actually, there's nothing in the game of baseball that hasn't happened to me. Lou Boudreau", "It's the most exciting thing to watch God work when I've asked him about something, to listen to him and watch him work. It's like this friendship, and it just grows and grows and grows and grows. Charles R. Swindoll", "I do have a lot of time for people in my life, and friendship is a very important subject for me. I think I'm unusual among the writers I know in that respect. Salman Rushdie"]}