{"data": ["From the Twitter responses we got with 'Best Friends Forever' and the small feedback we are getting as the show is meted out, I think people are seeing themselves in the show and enjoying seeing female friendship portrayed in the way it really is. Lennon Parham", "We want 'Doll & Em' to be something we're proud of. We'd love to do another series, but it's not the be-all and end-all. Our friendship is the be-all and end-all. Dolly Wells", "I love 'Curb Your Enthusiasm' and 'Extras' and also 'The Trip.' That had all the nuances of friendship and finding things out about their lives without it being too much plot-driven. Dolly Wells", "It's always really challenging trying to go from player to player/coach. You have a kind of friendship basis of relationship with all of your teammates, and now you go to this power position where you have to make decisions that might hurt people's feelings. Abby Wambach", "Going through an illness and then death of a close friend has changed my attitudes to friendship enormously. Jane Green", "I think for a lot of people, friendship is a relationship that gets devalued once they move on to what people consider to be more important relationships: once you find a partner or when you have kids. Hanya Yanagihara", "In a basic sense, 'A Little Life' is a homage to how my friends and I live our lives. I wanted to push past the definitions of how we typically define friendship. It's a different version of adulthood, but it's no less important and no less legitimate than anyone else's. Hanya Yanagihara", "Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party. Hanya Yanagihara", "Friendship is something whose depth fits human aspirations and fulfills human possibilities. It has heft to it, as a gold-piece does and a gambling chip does not. Eugene Kennedy", "To me, Green Arrow in the past, what people loved about Oliver Queen pre-New 52 was his relationships with other heroes. Like his friendship with Green Lantern, his animosity with Hawkman, his romance with Black Canary - these are all the things that sort of defined him. Jeff Lemire"]}