{"data": ["I feel friendship towards philosophers, but towards sophists, teachers of literature, or any other such kind of godforsaken people, I neither feel friendship now, nor may I ever do so in the future. Apollonius of Tyana", "November 11, 1802, I arrived at Judge Patterson's at Lisle. This respectable family treated me with every mark of distinction and friendship, and likewise all the people did the same. I really want for words to express my gratitude. Deborah Sampson", "Friendship is a difficult, dangerous job. It is also (though we rarely admit it) extremely exhausting. Elizabeth Bibesco", "My book 'Ali Pasha' tells the true story of a young sailor Henry Friston, who, in the hell-fire of battle, forms an unusual friendship. Michael Foreman", "I have a friendship with Hezbollah, and I also have contacts outside of Lebanon, but it doesn't mean I follow anyone's agenda. Najib Mikati", "There was a time when I thought dudes had friendship all figured out. The focus on eating things in front of giant screens, pretending to punch one another, competing over who can utter the grossest and most profane personal insults imaginable - this struck me as the very apex of human social exchange. Lynn Coady", "It's quite difficult to write about female friendship without it seeming to be a very niche subject. It's a difficult balance. Samantha Harvey", "If I'm right, the only reason our species is still around is because of our friendship with the canines. Bruce Cameron", "I find that the Amazon comments often are exceptionally shrewd and insightful, so I'm not going to diss them. But you don't really have any guarantees that what you're reading wasn't written out of friendship or spite. Michael Dirda", "I think 'Pretty Little Liars' is going to be hugely popular for adults, for kids, for girls, for guys, you know, something for everyone to look at, and the stories are going to be great. There's suspense every week. The friendship is really fun to watch. I think it's going to have something for everybody. Laura Leighton"]}